CAROL: You don't know me.
LAWSON: Go, Carol. Fly!
CAROL: You have no idea who I am.
That's no MiG, Lawson.
Who the hell are they?
My name is Carol.
MARIA: You ready?
-Higher, further, faster, baby.
-That's right.
Bail out! Bail out! Bail out!
LAWSON: I gotta blow this engine
before they find it.
YON-ROGG: The energy core. Where is it?
She absorbed its power.
She's coming with us.
CAROL: I can't tell what's real.
MARIA: You don't remember anything?
CAROL: I see flashes.
Little moments.
Dreams again?
-You have to let go of the past.
-I don't remember my past.
Control your impulses.
Stop using this, start using this.
LAWSON: You have a mission.
The Skrulls have invaded
yet another border planet.
This is a dangerous mission.
-For the good of all Kree.
-ALL: For the good of all Kree!
Skrulls!
(GROANS)
FURY: Excuse me, miss.
You know anything
about a lady blowing a hole
through the roof of that Blockbuster
over there?
Witness says she was dressed
for laser tag.
(GROANS)
FURY: War is a universal language.
I know a rogue soldier when I see one.
You got a personal stake in this.
I thought we'd lost you.
I found evidence that I had a life here.
-KORATH: She's compromised.
-She's stronger than you think.
CAROL: I don't know who I am!
You are Carol Danvers.
My best friend,
who supported me as a mother and a pilot
when no one else did.
You are smart, and funny,
and a huge pain in the ass,
and you were the most powerful person
I knew,
way before you could
shoot fire from your fists.
You hear me? Come here.
CAROL: He lied to me.
Everything that I knew was a lie.
You and I lost everything at the hands
of the Kree.
CAROL: I can't wear
these Kree colors anymore.
-How do I look?
-Fresh.
Help us find the core.
Buckle up, folks.
Is that it? The core?
TALOS: You found my family.
Fraternizing with the enemy?
What's given can be taken away.
CAROL: I've been fighting
with one arm tied behind my back.
But what happens
when I'm finally set free?
Ronan, come at once.
(GRUNTS)
We'll be back for the weapon.
The core?
The woman.
I'm so proud of you.
You've come a long way since I found you
that day by the lake.
But can you keep your emotions in check
long enough to take me on?
Tell the Supreme Intelligence
that I'm coming to end it.
The war. The lies.
All of it.
For emergencies only, okay?
Nick.
FURY: Hill.
ROMANOFF: He did exactly what
he said he was gonna do.
Thanos wiped out
50% of all living creatures.
Oh, no.
Where's Fury?
-ROGERS: Where are you going?
-To kill Thanos.
We usually work as a team here.
We realize up there is more your
territory, but this is our fight, too.
If we do this, how do we know it's gonna
end any differently than it did before?
Because before you didn't have me.
I am inevitable.
FRIDAY: Something just entered
the upper atmosphere.
Oh, yeah!
CAROL: I'm not gonna fight your war.
I'm gonna end it.